docs: prepare release (#516)
lumicks/pylake: docs/whatsnew/1.1.0/1_1_0.rst

Pylake 1.1.0
============

.. only:: html

Pylake `v1.1.0` has been released. Once again, we'll use this section to highlight some of the new features and an important bugfix.

Global analysis
---------------

> Previously, downstream Kymograph analyses were limited to a single kymograph.
> With global analysis, one can combine tracking results from multiple kymographs to get better statistics when estimating dwell times or calculating diffusion constants.
> For more information on this feature, please refer to the relevant section of the :ref:`kymotracking tutorial<global_analysis>`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Previously, downstream analyses from kymotracking were limited to tracks from a single kymograph.
With global analysis, you can combine tracking results from multiple kymographs to get better statistics when estimating binding lifetimes or calculating diffusion constants.
For more information on this feature, please refer to the relevant section of the :ref:`kymotracking tutorial<global_analysis>`.
```

Author: Much better.

.. figure:: global_analysis.png

    Global analysis allows you to analyze multiple kymographs in a single analysis.
    This results in improved estimates of the biophysical parameters of your experiment.

> Bugfix sample_from_image

Reviewer: I wonder if we should put this right at the top? I know its' probably more common to put features first and bugfixes later, but I think we should highlight this as much as possible considering the fixed behavior isn't the default. Also, some tick marks would look nicer maybe
```suggestion
Bugfix `KymoTrackGroup.sample_from_image`
```

Author: Yeah, we can. I've moved it.

------------------------

Prior to version `1.1.0`, the method :meth:`~lumicks.pylake.kymotracker.kymotrack.KymoTrack.sample_from_image` had a bug that assumed the origin of a pixel to be at the edge rather than the center of the pixel.
Consequently, the sampled window would be off by one pixel half the time.
Note that the bug does not impact the position estimates.

> The old (incorrect) behavior is maintained until the next major release (2.0) to ensure backward compatibility and allow assessment of the impact of the bug.
> For reasonably sized sampling windows (more than 4 pixels wide), the effect of this bug should be small.
> When using :meth:`~lumicks.pylake.kymotracker.kymotrack.KymoTrack.sample_from_image` or :func:`~lumicks.pylake.KymoWidgetGreedy`, it is recommended to include the argument `correct_origin=True` which results in using the correct origin.

Reviewer: I think we should put this in a warning box or something to really highlight it. Or we could try out one of the other boxes. 

I would move the sentence beginning with "For reasonably sized..." up to the previous paragraph before "Note that the...."
```suggestion
.. important:
    The old (incorrect) behavior is maintained until the next major release (2.0) to ensure backward compatibility and allow assessment of the impact of the bug.
    In order to apply this bugfix, include the argument `correct_origin=True` when using :meth:`~lumicks.pylake.kymotracker.kymotrack.KymoTrack.sample_from_image` or 
    :func:`~lumicks.pylake.KymoWidgetGreedy`
```

Author: Good call! I've put it in an important box now.

Splitting tracks
----------------

You can now split tracks in the Kymotracker widget.

.. figure:: split.gif

    Clicking with the right mouse button splits an existing line into two segments.

Profile likelihood for dwell time analysis
------------------------------------------

We added a :ref:`second method<pop_confidence_intervals>` for calculating uncertainty intervals for dwell time analysis.
This method can be used to determine confidence intervals and assess whether a dwell time model has too many parameters (i.e., if a model with fewer components would be sufficient to fit the data).

.. figure:: pop_ple.png

    Profile likelihood curves for a dwell time model.
    The intersection points between the blue curve and the dashed lines indicate the 95\% confidence interval for that particular parameter.

>     If the confidence interval for any of the amplitudes contains zero, then that component contributes very little to the model fit and a model with fewer components should be used.

Reviewer: I think this sentence is a bit too detailed for a "highlights" section, I'd leave it out

Author: I assume you mean just the last sentence of the legend? I agree. I'll drop it.

Reviewer: yes, I dunno why it marked the whole thing

> As always, we implemented various other bug-fixes and improvements.

Reviewer: I would add the "Other changes" heading before this (like we had for `1.0.0`)
